stranger things the kids the superpowers
the soundtrack the hair what's not to
love and season three looks like it's
gonna be just as binge worthy as the
last two but there is a downside to that
binging it can make it hard to keep
track of everything that's happened
cramming isn't healthy folks that's why
we've put together this handy timeline
that's sure to be a little less
confusing than mr. Clark's explanation
of interdimensional travel
get out your hairspray and let's dive in
1953 to 1982 welcome to Hawkins
in 1953 MKULTRA the real actual CIA
program to study mind control begins and
operations kick off at Hawkins National
Lab eventually Terry I've signs up for
MKULTRA under the supervision of dr.
Brenner once she becomes pregnant
Brenner starts planning to keep the
unborn child as a test subject when
Terry gives birth to her daughter Jane
in 1971 Brenner kidnaps the baby brings
her back to the lab and gives her a new
name eleven three years later Terry
breaks into Hawkins lab to take Jane
back but just as she finds Jane and
Callie in the Rainbow Room Terry's
caught and forced to undergo electro
convulsive therapy
the scientists leave her in a catatonic
state and then release her to her sister
Becky from here Becky becomes her
caretaker at some point over the next
few years Callie escapes from Hawkins
lab and begins taking revenge on those
who worked there a little later 1979 is
a bad year for Jim hopper his daughter
Sarah passes away from what's probably
cancer he and his wife Diane split and
he moves back to Hawkins from the big
city to work as the chief of police fans
speculate that the big city is New York
based on boxes you can see in his
grandfather's cabin in season two geez
talk about a downgrade have you ever
tried to get a bagel in Indiana
no wonder he's depressed in 1982 Joyce
on the Lonnie buyers get a divorce
Lonnie moves to Indianapolis and joy
stays and Hawkins to raise their two
sons Jonathon and well but hey at least
Jonathan introduces well to his favorite
song should I stay or should I go by the
clash so that's something right
personally I would have gone with
something off of London Calling because
combat rock is the clashes worst album
but I'd I'm just spitballing here
November 6 to December 12th 1983 season
1 and the demagogue on earlier that year
11 participates in an experiment in the
sensory deprivation tank where she's
ordered to spy on a Russian agent
probably a member of the KGB at first
the experiment is a success he talks
about the possibility of Russian spies
being exposed on American soil unaware
that he is being spied on but when the
conversation ends she sees the demagogue
and panic
and then everything kicks off on
November 6th dr. brenner orders 11 back
into the void to make contact with the
monster
unfortunately for literally everyone as
soon as she touches the creature a rift
is formed between the dimensions which
is known as the gate the damaged organ
enters our dimension and in the chaos of
all the explosions and the bad times and
whatnot 11 escapes from the lab sometime
after that the monster pulls will who's
biking home after a regular night of D&D
with the boys into the other dimension
henceforth called
the upside down early the next morning
Joyce realizes will is missing and goes
to the police at first hopper is
dismissive thinking we'll might just be
playing hooky on the other side of town
11 breaks into Benny's burgers and tries
to steal some food for herself
Benny feeds her though and later call
social services hopper and his deputies
search the woods for will and when he
finds wills bike hopper begins to take
the case seriously then this bad lady
from Hawkins lab who the internet tells
me is called Connie Frazier shows up and
kills Benny staging it as a suicide
which honestly is one of the most
heartbreaking moments of the show he was
a good dude and he just wanted to go
fishing
rest in peace Benny I hope you're
catching mackerel in the stars at this
point Will's friends Mike Lucas and
Dustin decide to start searching the
woods for him but instead they run into
eleven they take her back to Mike's
place and set her up in a pretty dope
tent in the basement the next day a
larger search party set to have to look
for will Mike stays home with Elle and
gets her hooked on Eggos she reveals
that she's seen will and that bad men
are after her when Lucas and Dustin come
over after school she reveals her
telekinetic powers by slamming a door
closed while Hawkins lab agents are
snooping around the buyers house
jonathan is hanging missing-person
flyers at his school Steve & Co laugh at
him but Nancy tries to be supportive
Jonathan then leave school and drive to
Indianapolis to see if Will's there with
his dad when Hopper finds Benny's body
he's not convinced it's a suicide and
later that night when mr. Clark finds a
scrap of fabric and a pipe that leads to
Hawkins lab hoppers even more suspicious
he starts to believe that Hawkins lab is
involved in Will's disappearance that
same night Nancy and barb go to a party
at Steve's house what well it's more of
a gathering there's only five people
anyway while everyone is flashing around
in Steve's pool poor barb cuts her hand
on a beer can and then Nancy tells barb
to go home before going upstairs with
Steve to listen to Toto's Africa in the
nude that's that's that's what sex is
right you just take off your clothes and
listen to Africa it sounds pretty good
actually
sneaking around in the trees jonathan
takes some creepy pictures of Nancy and
Steve but also snags one of a very sad
barb after he leaves the demagogue or
again pulls barb into the upside-down
hashtag justice for barber back at the
buyers house joyce gets a call and
here's wills voice which starts her
paranormal investigation
the next morning Nancy doesn't see barb
at school so see kids the lesson is if
you have premarital sex your friends
will be pulled into another dimension
and eaten by a monster from an RPG that
sounds like something that I would learn
from scream rather than stranger things
but whatever yes that's the moral Nancy
goes poking around Steve's house and
finds Barb's car but also the demagogue
in she calls Barb's mom and finds out
that barb hasn't been home all night
once Steve learns about Jonathan's
creepy ass photoshoot he confronts him
breaking his camera and tearing his
pictures
Nancy collects the torn pieces and
discovers the photo that shows barb
meanwhile hoppin coat check out the
Hawkins national lab hopper like the
cool guy he is totally catches the
scientists in a lie while doing some
research he and his team discovered that
dr. brenner was involved in MKULTRA and
start to read about Terry Ives meanwhile
Joyce is investigating too she hangs up
the Christmas lights and will begins to
communicate with her through the lights
and it's going pretty well until the
delegate appears seems to always ruin
stuff whatever it shows out 11 takes the
kids on what seems to be a psychic
wild-goose chase to the buyer's house
the kids don't know all about the
parallel dimension and are frustrated
just that a bunch of cop cars raised by
the kids follow them and end up at the
quarry just in time to see them fish out
wills body Mike is understandably angry
and calls L a liar back at Mike's house
though she proves that will is still
alive by making his voice come through
Mike's radio the boys decide to bring
Elle to school the next day so they can
use the cool radio that Mr Clarke got
them to talk to will but not before
giving Elle the makeover that sparked a
million Halloween costumes before they
can get to the radio Mr Clarke makes
them go to assembly for will standard
eighties mouth-breather bullies Troy and
Co have the gall to laugh during it so
Mike picks a fight to stick up for his
friend justice is served when eleven
makes Troy pee his pants in front of the
whole school when they finally get the
radio they hear will talking to Joyce
but the radio catches fire before they
can learn more later they finally
understand that wil is in the
upside-down Nancy talks to the deputies
about Barb's disappearance and learns
that her car is missing anxious to do
something Nancy puts together Jonathan's
torn up photo and teams up with him
together they enlarge the photo
revealing the demagogue and even after
seeing wills body Hopper has his doubts
so after some cop punching detective
work he discovers that wills body from
the quarry is a fake Joyce sees will in
the upside down and smashed as a hole in
her house to reach him so
and Hwanhee shows up a little later he
thinks that she's crazy and tries to get
Joyce to face reality popper meanwhile
is still on a crime fighting spree out
there breaking into Hawkins lab and
finding the gate you know for a super
secret government facility they are
really susceptible to be in ease the
guards knock out hopper but they let him
go with a warning to mind his own
business and apparently this is also the
nicest super-secret government facility
Oh people keep breaking in oh come on
just a slap on the wrist get out of here
you rapscallion on the day of wills
funeral the kids asked Mr Clarke how
they could contact a parallel dimension
and to make a long story short Mr Clarke
tells him that they would need a huge
power source hmm if only there was some
sort of super secret government facility
nearby Joyce finds that Lonnie is only
there to try to get money from Will's
death and kicks him out meanwhile hopper
wakes up and realizes that his place is
bugged he finds the bug and tells Joyce
that she was right all along
Dustin discovers that his compass is
acting strangely and that they can use
it to find the gate the kids set out but
11 manipulates the compass to lead them
in a circle afraid to go back to Hawkins
lab the kids get in a big fight and 11
uses her powers to push Lucas she runs
off by herself and Lucas decides to go
out on his own then Nancy and Jonathon
go monster hunting nancy falls into the
upside-down but Jonathan pulls her out
and they go back to Nancy's house to
spend the night unfortunately
Toto's Africa did not play that night
but Steve who's there to apologize sees
them through the window and is very
upset because apparently none of these
teenagers have heard of curtains this
sounds like a peeping toms dream a day
later and it's time for a road trip
Joyce and hub visit Terri Ives and her
sister Becky tells them all about her
time in MKULTRA and about Jay Terry's
daughter meanwhile Nancy and Jonathon
gear up for their next round of monster
hunting with like a gun and everything
good thing Nancy's a good shot in town
they see what Steven has two goons have
painted on the movie theater Steve and
Jonathan get into a fight and Jonathan
gets arrested
Connie Fraser the nice guy eraser sorry
I still can't believe that's her name
visits mr. Clark to ask about the kids
now who else felt a deep and visceral
fear during this scene protect mr. Clark
he is trying his best Lucas goes on a
cool solo adventure with his dad's Nam
gear his compass leads him to Hawkins
lab where he sees a bunch of vans like
the ones that have been parked around
town Mike and Dustin are out in the
woods looking for el but instead run
into Troy the bully and his lackeys Troy
makes Mike jump into the quarry but 11
shows up levitates Mike to safety and
breaks Troy's arm as they get back to
town Lukas warns them that the bad men
are coming time for the eighties
jaesi the kids hide out at the junkyard
until hopper contacts them and tells
them that he can help they'll meet up at
the buyers house on 11 tells them that
she can find will with a sensory
deprivation tank the kids call mr. Clark
and find out just how much salt they're
gonna need to make one and so the whole
gang meets up at the middle school to
make that sensory deprivation tank in
the upside-down eleven first locates
Barb's body and then finds will in
Castle Byers
he's still alive afterwards everyone
splits up with Joyce and hopf heading
back to the gate to try to get well back
I mean I know it's the 80s but you know
there is a monster out there is
splitting up really the best idea no of
course it isn't Joyce and hopper break
into lab and get caught yet again Nancy
and Jonathan abandon the kids to go set
a trap for the monster at the Byers
house and Steve who realizes he's been a
real asshat shows up to apologize to
Jonathan just in time for the demagogue
and to show up back at the school Mike
and eleventh sneak in a smooch before
all hell breaks loose agents show up to
get her but so does the devil Gorgon
eleven straight up kills the agents
destroys the demagogue Ian and also
disappears like she literally D
materializes in front of everyone not to
worry though she's just in the upside
down okay maybe a little worried at the
gay Joyce in hot pursuit up like they're
going on a field trip to Chernobyl they
enter the upside down find will and
bring him back to our world they rush
will to the hospital where he later
wakes up and is greeted by his friends
eleven makes her way back from the
upside down the next day and when she
goes to Mike's house she sees agents
there and realizes that she'll put him
in danger if she returns hopper goes off
with some government agents who are
therefore unknown but probably nefarious
purposes Mike starts trying to contact
eleven via radio and keeps it up for
three hundred and fifty two days that's
dedication meanwhile Elevens been
surviving in the woods living off of
squirrels she even knocks out a hunter
and takes his coat for the winter a few
weeks later and Mike will Dustin and
Lucas are back to playing D&D in Mike's
basement Nancy and Steve are still
together and they give Jonathan a new
camera for Christmas when he comes to
pick up well when they get home will
coughs up a slug thing and sees the
upside down briefly in the bathroom that
same night hopper ghosts from the police
Christmas party to leave some mangoes
for eleven in the woods
eleven finds them and the next day she
sees that it's hopper leaving them for
her and then they go to his
grandfather's cabin and begin living
there like a weird paranoid but
surprisingly wholesome family so that
wraps up the events of season one but
before we head into season two there's a
few details we have to cover to set the
whole thing up between December of 1983
and October of 1984 Sam Owens replaces
Brenner as the director of Hawkins lab
after the whole upside-down ordeal will
starts going to the lab to be monitored
and studied and a second gate to the
upside down forms underneath the lab and
tunnels from underneath Hawkins all
while they're trying to burn the
original gate closed in the lab also
joyce begins dating local nerd bob Newby
how where do you think it would have
been for Shaun ask them to be on a show
that's an homage to his best known movie
The Goonies what is that not his best
known movie well what is oh yeah yep yep
okay alright and at some point Billy and
Max move to Hawkins from California
which they aren't super hype about
season 2 on the mine flare October 29th
to December 15th 1984 okay so season two
finally starts in Pittsburgh remember
Kelly Elevens psychic roommate from
Hawkins lab okay well she and a your
version of the Suicide Squad are being
chased by the cops and Kelly uses her
mind powers to make the cops think that
she blew up a tunnel back in Hawkins the
boys go to the new palace arcade to play
Dragon's Lair dustin finds that many of
his high scores have been beaten by a
mysterious gamer called mad max will
seize the upside down again and mike
finds him in the parking lot acting
strange the next day is Max and Billy's
first day at Hawkins middle and high and
you know the boys find out that mad
max's real identity is max will goes to
the Hawkins lab for a checkup and dr.
Owens tells Joyce and Hopper that things
are gonna be harder for him around the
anniversary of his disappearance
also there's Marie Bauman the journalist
private investigator local loon whatever
he is he's looking into the mystery of
what happened last year
hopper investigates the spooky dying
pumpkin mystery but doesn't think too
much of it Nancy and Steve have dinner
with Barb's parents turns out they're
selling their house to pay Marie Baumann
to investigate Barb's disappearance of
course Nancy feels very guilty about it
Mike is still trying to contact eleven
but she's stuck in the cabin hoping to
go out for Halloween but Hopper says
going outside would be stupid even in
costume and promises to bring her candy
tomorrow night will has another vision
and sees the new monster the mine flare
outside his house he later draws a
picture of it the boys dresses the
Ghostbusters at school for Halloween but
no one else dresses up so they just look
cool all on their own
Dustin and Lucas asked max to go
trick-or-treating with them and it goes
about as well as you would expect after
school Billy picks up max and notices
that she seems to like their new town
and that sets Billy off and when he sees
Mike Dustin and Lucas on the road
he tries to run them over poppers still
having a pumpkin adventure and learns
that the crops are dying at other farms
- he investigates all day marking all of
the trees that the rod has spread to the
kids go trick-or-treating taking Bob's
video camera
with them max shows up and while Dustin
and Lucas are thrilled mike is not will
sees the mine flare again and Mike find
some having an episode then Mike takes
will back to his basement where they
proceeded to talk about their shared
trauma and that is what friendship is
made of in the realm of teenagers Steve
and Nancy go to a cool party with more
than five people this time where Steve
gets heckled by Billy the kegston King
and then Jonathan shows up and mistakes
an obvious Suzie Suh costume for kiss
cuz Jonathan is secretly a poser I guess
Steve and Nancy getting a very high
school fight and Jonathan takes her home
after she gets drunk
Elevens Halloween is a lot quieter she's
still stuck in the cabin getting
impatient waiting for hopper to get home
so she tries to contact Mike when he
finally gets home late hopper and Elle
have a heated argument Dustin gets home
from trick-or-treating and finds a
strange little pollywog creature in his
trash
he takes it inside and feeds it a 3
Musketeers bar and names a d'Artagnan
dart for sure the next day hopper traces
pumpkin death back to the Hawkins lab
what shocked he gives dr. Owens a real
dressing down and oh it's decides to
help investigate the pumpkin deaths
Billy gets all up in Steve's business
and basketball practice and then Steve
and Nancy have another argument so it's
bad day for Steve
Dustin brings dart to school to impress
max and mr. Clark which may not have
been the best idea because dart escapes
and the kids spend all afternoon looking
for him although they still don't
explain what's going on to max
Bob tells Joyce he saw kids on the
videotape from last night picking on
will but when Joyce watches the tape she
sees the outline of the mine flare and
recognizes it from Will's picture
meanwhile 11 who's still angry at hopper
decides to leave the cabin to go see
Mike she happens to see Mike and Max
together on her way and she gets jealous
and it gets the best of her and she
makes max fall off her skateboard which
is probably a decent outcome we already
know that 11 is capable of way worse
Nancy and Jonathan start their plan to
get hashtag justice for barb rollin by
calling her parents knowing that the
goons at Hawkins lab are gonna be
listening while looking for dart will
seize the upside down again and after a
motivational talk with poor well-meaning
Bob will tries to confront the mine
flare only to have it possess his body
that's a big whoops
Joyce finds him at school unable to move
and take some home convinced something
is happening again Dustin finds dart and
brings him home but doesn't tell the
others who think that dart is a threat
11 gets back to the cabin and has a huge
fight with hopper when he takes away her
TV as punishment for leaving the house
she even uses her powers on him Nancy
and Jonathan are being stalked by
Hawkins lab agents disguised as
suburban nights I mean it is the 80s so
I guess they're just suburban nights at
that point they're taken to Hawkins lab
and Owens tells them to not look into
Barb's death anymore the lab henchmen
don't search their bags at all though
and Nancy records the whole thing did
they learn nothing from all of the other
times people broke into the lab last
year it's like they want to get caught
that's cool Steve finds out that Nancy
and Jonathan are both skipping and has a
weird shower scene with Billy Billy's
got a real fixation with Steve will
starts making drawings to explain the
mind flare to Joyce on hopper and they
connect the drawings to make a weird
kind of map Mike realizing will isn't at
school goes to his house to make sure
he's okay only to be sucked into the
insanity hopper seems to figure out what
the drawings are of and goes off to
investigate without explaining to anyone
else or telling them where he's going he
only says that their vines which is
super not helpful he climbs down the
nightmare hole and then he immediately
gets bored in the face back in the cabin
11 finds a box with information about
Hawkins lab including a file about her
mother Terry she tries to contact Terry
and the void and Terry seems to see her
Dustin gets home and finds that dart has
eaten his cat at which point he finally
figures out that dart is a bad hey guys
don't let it get to this point
no the warning signs that the strange
creature in your trash is actually a
monster from another dimension sign one
it doesn't look like any known species
sign to you live in a town that's prone
to monsters and weird things and three
it likes Three Musketeers once the lab
guys let them go Jonathan and Nancy
check into a hotel for some reason they
don't put on Toto's Africa so I'm not
really sure why they don't just go home
one day later will tells Joyce and Mike
that he saw hopper having some kind of
trouble within the tunnels
man if only hopper had told them what he
was doing
Bob Newby shows up and thinks they're
having some sort of very intense
orienteering adventure and figures out
what the map is showing it's the town of
Hawkins he uses his cool nerd skills to
locate hopper and they all rush out to
the pumpkin patch to try to find them at
the arcade Lucas privately tells max
about what happened last year 11 the
upside-down the demagogue and the whole
thing and of course max doesn't believe
him Dustin gears up and traps dart in
his cellar but when he radios the gang
they're all busy so he gets helped from
Steve Harrington monster slayer and hair
icon unfortunately by the time Steve
gets the Dustin's place dart has already
burrowed through the cellar wall and
escaped back in the lab the scientists
test the soil sample and find out that
the evil vines hate fire and it all
reacts
with some sort of hive mind 11
hitchhikes to her mom's house in sees
Terry after suffering trauma at the
hands of Hawkins lab Terry is only able
to say a small selection of words but
eleven and Terry connecting the void and
eleven sees what happened to her back in
1974 including getting her first glimpse
of Colley with the information she
needed in hand 11 steal some money and
goes off to find her sister collie Bob
Joyce Mike and will find the hole to the
upside down tunnels and save hopper as
they're pulling him out the lab techs
show up in full hazmat gear and try to
burn all the gross vines but as soon as
the fire starts will starts convulsing
and is rushed to the lab still
determined to Nancy and Jonathan drive
out to meet with Baumann they correct
his messed-up timeline and tell him what
really happened last year they all agree
to send Nancy's recording to newspapers
as evidence and they celebrate with some
vodka and of course Nancy and Jonathan
finally hook up it's another bad day for
Steve eleven locates Callie in Chicago
with the knock off Doom Patrol they show
each other their lab tattoos and Callie
recognizes her later that night will
wakes up in the lab but it started to
lose his memory forgetting dr. Owens bob
and hopper by that next morning dr.
Owens tells Joyce and Hopper that will
is connected to the hive mind via the
virus that infected him when the mine
flare touched him Nancy and Jonathan
have a very awkward breakfast with
Baumann before heading back to the
buyers house there they find wills
drawings and an empty case for Polaroid
film Polaroid is too mainstream for
Jonathan so they know that someone else
was in the house they head back for the
Hawkins lab Dustin and Steve go out to
try to catch Dart at which point Steve
tells Dustin his hairspray secrets it's
a very important bonding moment for
everyone's favorite dad Steve and it's
also a very important plot moment so
it's a good thing I mentioned it back in
Chicago Callie helps 11 train her powers
using the voice eleven locates one of
the old workers from Hawkins lab who's
responsible for her mother's shock
Friedmann eleven gets another makeover
but this one did not inspire nearly as
many Halloween costumes I can't win them
all
Lucas convinces max that he can prove
that everything he said yesterday is
true they meet up with Dustin and Steve
to captured art who's grown into a
full-blown demagogue they all end up at
the junkyard again and a whole bunch of
other demo dogs show up and attack them
at this point max finally believes Lucas
I mean they nearly got eaten
thankfully the mind flare calls the demo
dog off but the mind flayer wasn't just
showing them mercy after using will to
get the lab guys into the tunnels it six
all the demo dogs on them from there the
demo dogs attack the lab Mike realizes
that the mind flare has completely
possessed will so he tells Joyce to drug
him so they can escape to a safe
location
her choice will Mike Bob and dr. Owens
hide in the surveillance room but the
lab loses power for reasons 11 and the
Superfriends go to confront the retired
Hawkins lab employee ray Carroll when
they get to Ray's house Cowley tries to
convince 11 to kill him for what he did
to her mother but Ray's got kids so 11
feels bad about getting revenge
she even stops Kaali from killing him
which Callie's not cool with Max and
Billy's parents come home to find Billy
getting ready for a date with max
nowhere to be found Billy's dad forces
him to cancel the date and go find max
so you know Billy Billy mad the rest of
the gang meets up with Jonathan and
Nancy at the gates of the lab and
realized that the others are trapped
inside back in Chicago the secret six
are ambushed by the cops they managed to
escape but 11 decides to go back to
Hawkins to help Mike and hopper in the
control room Bob's cool nerd skills mean
he has to be the one to go down to the
basement and reset the breakers and
restore power to the lab and that is why
I never learned to code and not because
I'm super lazy once Bob clears a path
everyone escapes except dr. Owens who
remains in the control room and Bob gets
so close to making it but he gets mauled
by a demo dog can we pour one out for
Bob new be gone too soon everyone else
head back to the buyers house and comes
up with a plan they hide their location
from the will flare by disguising the
buyers shed and questioning him while
the real will can't talk to them
directly he taps out a message in Morse
code and tells them to close gate but
just then the phone rings and the will
flare figures out where they are
everyone prepares for an all-out demo
dog attack but before the dogs can wreck
their 11 shows up and wrecks them first
after a tearful reunion it's decided
that 11 will close the gate and hopper
will go with her Jonathan Nancy and
Joyce take a sedated will to hoppers
cabin so they can force the mine flare
out of him meanwhile bill tries to pick
up Nancy's mom way to go Karen dust and
Mike Lukas and Max decide to go to the
tunnels under the pumpkin patch and set
them on fire to draw the Diamond Dogs
away from the lab but before they can
Billy shows up to take max home they
have a big gnarly fight and Billy pretty
much kicked Steve's ass okay I'm
starting to think that Steve doesn't
just have bad days it just sucks to be
him max finally sedates Billy and they
steal his car and head off to the
tunnels with an unconscious Steve in the
back seat in hoppers cabin Joyce
Jonathan and Nancy forced the mind flare
from we'll just full Exorcist style back
in the tunnels team Steve set fire to
the vines and managed to draw the demo
dog's attention and who comes to their
rescue
but dart I guess he wasn't all bad
the lab 11 basically goes full super
sand she uses colleagues training
unleashes her anger and finally closes
the gate hopefully for good this time
but you know there is a season three so
at some point over the next few weeks
bobbins evidence is released and Hawkins
lab closes in the following media frenzy
barb finally gets her funeral and Bauman
goes on to investigate chemtrails or
something hopper gets a birth
certificate from dr. Owens and now 11 is
officially Jane hopper and finally the
moment we've all been waiting for
the snowball dance Mike and 11 dance
together max and Lucas dance together
well dances with some random girl and
Dustin dances with Nancy isn't that
sweet
oh wait not so fast because the mine
flare is still over Hawkins middle
school in the upside-down all right now
we're all caught up for season 3 of
stranger things any predictions after
Benny barb Brenner and Bob I'm wondering
what other B character is gonna get
killed off this season and I'm really
hoping it's Billy
I've been Jacob with cinematic ax and
thanks for watching
[Music]